Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedprogramming-ii-checkout-line-simulation
<br>
Assignment: Write a simulation of a checkout line. The interval between arrivals anddepartures and the duration of the simulation are given in the input file. The input file is specified in the section titled Input File and sample input file is shown in figure 1. The output file contains a record of the simulation and can be used to compare expected values for the simulation with actual values produced by the simulation. The output file is specified in the section titled Output File and a sample output file is given in figure 2. Please note that values produced by the simulation will probably not match values shown in figure 2 due to the random nature of distribution sampling. Employ classes Uniform, Exponential, ExponentialElapsed, and Event as defined in files given below. Employ file p05make to create executable file p05. Prohibition: Use of the C++ Standard Template Library is prohibited in the implementation of this project. Program Files: Project 5 consists of files p05.cpp, Sim05.h, Sim05.cpp, Uniform05.h, Uniform05.cpp, Exponential05.h, Exponetial05.cpp, ExponentialElapsed05.h, ExponentialElapsed05.cpp, Event05.h, Event05.cpp, Queue05.h, and p05make. Project file names are exactly as given. Failure to employ the foregoing names will result in a score of zero (0) for this project Project files must be stored in the root directory of your student account. Failure to store project files in the root directory of your student account will result in a score of zero (0) for this project. File Description p05.cpp File p05.cpp contains functions that process command line arguments and manage the checkout line. Sim05.h File Sim05.h contains the definition of class Sim. Class Sim defines private data and member functions specific to the simulation. Class Sim employs a uniform distribution to determine arrival and departure times. Sim05.cpp File Sim05.cpp contains the implementation of member functions of class Sim. Available in ~tt/cs2613 Uniform05.h File Uniform05.h contains the definition of class Uniform. Class Uniform defines attributes of the uniform distribution. Available in ~tt/cs2613 Uniform05.cpp File Uniform05.cpp contains the implementation of member functions of class Uniform.File Description Available in ~tt/cs2613 Exponential05.h File Exponential05.h contains the definition of class Exponential. Class Exponential defines the attributes of the exponential distribution. The times between arrivals and departures are drawn from the exponential distribution. Available in ~tt/cs2613 Exponential05.cpp File Exponential05.cpp contains the implementation of member functions of class Exponential. Available in ~tt/cs2613 ExponentialElapsed05.h File ExponentialElapsed05.h contains the definition of class ExponentialElapsed. Class ExponentialElapsed defines the attributes of a sequence of samples drawn from the exponential distribution. A sample from the exponential elapsed distribution is the sum of the intervals of a sequence of samples drawn from the exponential distribution. Available in ~tt/cs2613 ExponentialElapsed05.cpp File ExponentialElapsed05.cpp contains the implementation of member functions of class ExponentialElapsed. Available in ~tt/cs2613 Event05.h File Event05.h contains the definition of class Event. Class Event defines the attributes of sequence of events. An event is either an arrival or a departure. The time of the event is the elapsed time since the simulation start. Class event merges two sequences of elapsed times drawn from the ExponentialElasped distribution. One sequence is the sequence of arrivals: the other sequence is the sequence of departures. Available in ~tt/cs2613 Event05.cpp File Event05.cpp contains the implementation of member functions of class Event. Queue05.h File Queue05.h contains the definition of template class Queue. Class Queue implements a queue by dynamically allocating individual elements of a queue. Elements of the queue can have any type T. Elements are linked from oldest to newest. Elements are dynamically allocated when needed and discarded after they are no longer required. Available in ~tt/cs2613 p05make File p05make contains instructions for creating executable file p05. Instructions in file p05make are accepted by the UNIX utility make.Command Line: Project 5 can be invoked with zero, one, or two program parameters. The first program parameter is the input file name. The second parameter is the output file name. Sample command lines together with corresponding actions by program p05 are shown below. Boldfaced type indicates data entered at the keyboard by the user. $ p05 Enter the input file name: i05.dat Enter the output file name: o05.dat $ p05 i05.dat Enter the output file name: o05.dat $ p05 i05.dat o05.dat Input File: The input file contains three (3) simulation parameters as shown in Figure 1. All parameters are given in minutes. The first parameter is the mean time between arriving customers. The second parameter is the mean time between departing customers. The third parameter is the duration of the simulation. You may find simulation parameters given in Figure 1 in file i05.dat in the class directory (~tt/cs2613/ Simulation parameter Type Units Description Arrival interval double Minutes Specifies the average time between arrivals. Departure interval double Minutes Specifies the average time between departures. Duration int Minutes Specifies the length of the simulation. Figure 1. Input file format: 0.5000 0.3333 100000Output File: The format of the output file is shown in Figure 2. Data shown in Figure 2 is produced by Program p05. The output file consists of three (3) columns. The first column contains a description of the data shown. The second column lists data produced by program p05. The last column lists the units of the data recorded in the second column. The widths of the columns are 40 spaces, 10 spaces, and 20 spaces respectively. Column Specification 1 (left) Text is left justified in a field of 40 spaces. 2 (middle) Integer data are right justified in a field of 10 spaces. 3 (right) Text is right justified in a field of 20 spaces. Figure 2. Output file format: Mean time between arrivals 0.50 minutes Arrival rate 120.00 customers/hour Mean time between departures 0.33 minutes Departure rate 180.02 customers/hour Expected response time 1.00 minutes Response time variance 3.00 minutes Simulation response time 0.96 minutes Expected line length 2.00 customers Line length variance 6.00 customers Simulation mean line length 1.90 customers Customers served 19741 customers Simulation maximum response time 8.90 minutes Simulation maximum line length 17 customers Simulation lasted for 9999.74 minutes